sourcetool is a utility-addin for:

1. extracting and loading source code from and to excel workbooks, templates and
   add-ins
2. comparing source code between different versions of above
3. committing, updating, reverting and comparing source code into a version
   control system different from vss (currently only svn through tortoisesvn is
   supported)

most of the functionality builds upon rob boveys famous codecleaner addin,
which was abused as a "sourcestripper" here.

the various functions can be accessed in the vba ide from the toolbar "source":

* the first button is used to open a project or a selected component of a
  project (common module, class module or userform). when opening, a folder
  selection dialog allows to choose the directory where to load the components
  from, saving is automatically done into a folder called <excelfilename>.src in
  the same directory as the excel file:

* the second button is used to save a project or a selected component of a
  project (common module, class module or user form).
* the third button allows to select a different version of the selected project
  (this only works for projects as a whole) and shows the differences using a
  pre-configured difference viewer (currently winmerge 2.4.6).

after the separator, the rest of buttons are all used for version control:

* the fourth button invokes the tool to check for differences between the
  current copy (in memory) of the whole project or selected component with the
  base version in the repository.
* the fifth button updates the whole project or selected component from the
  repository, notifying any conflicts.
* the sixth button commits the whole project or selected component to the
  repository, asking for a log message before.
* Finally, the seventh button reverts the whole project or selected component
  from the repository.
