The first thing to do is to save the sources of the project by clicking the
second button. This should create a directory called <Workbook/AddinName>.src
with all components of your project as text files in it (named *.bas for plain
modules, *.cls for classes, *.frm/*.frx for userforms and *.xwk for the
Workbook's and Worksheet's code). So essentially everything you would get when
exporting your components individually. 

Then you should import BOTH the Workbook/Addin AND the <Workbook/AddinName>.src
folder into a repository of your choice (on Sourceforge.net or your
private/local one (that's when you need to download SVN itself, in case you
don't want/need a repository for yourself, forget the SVN download, Tortoise is
enough).

After that, DELETE the Workbook/Addin AND the *.src folder (or better, move them
into a safe place, if the following checkout fails). Once you have deleted these
files/folder, then CHECKOUT the files you have just imported into the folder (or
any other folder, but that means you're changing the location of your
addin/workbook).

Bear in mind, this is ALL still done OUTSIDE the Sourcetool, using plain
TortoiseSVN functionality.  Now you're ready to use the SourceTool: Simply edit
your project in the way you were used to, once finished click the commit button
on the sourcetool toolbar in the VBA-IDE (button six) and you'll be presented
the Tortoise commit dialog, showing either:

1. All the components that changed since the last update (in case you selected
   the project node)
2. Just the component that you selected (if changed, if it's up to date,
   Tortoise will tell you so)

Updating your Project/single Component is done by pressing the fifth button,
which downloads the latest version from the repository and imports the component
file(s) into your project.
